If such a thing as a fair coin-toss exists non-standard question, would that mean every toss every on every in every at every depends on every every on every in every at every other coin-toss in every part every on every in every at every of the world, at every every on every in every at every time and place inside and outside of space? Could such a proposition infer that each coin-toss cannot act discretely from every every on every in every at every non-coin-toss-produced movement, be it to play a tambourine or to worry at prayer beads while jumping or jiggling, which are modified aberrations of coin-tossing which result in a tossed coin—for when one thinks of it, what isn't a coin-toss? Furthermore, might this imply that all of life is an illusion, and, finally, when every coin every on every in every at every is in the dynamic state of tossing there can no longer even oddly be coin-tosses? And what if the tossers were brothers? Connected coins later tossed by genetic material produced from the same ovum? Would it matter if one were a girl, …the other a tranny—fraternal twins? Or if one were white, the other Latino, the third tattooed? The most incomprehensible thing about the universe is that it is comprehensible. Four heads/six tails. Three tails/five heads, 50/50. What is most incomprehensible is that boys can toss coins, can be brothers, might be strangers. Maybe they have a common friend, a thread in common, a common talent, a common letter in their common but different names John vs. Don. Would it be possible for them to have nothing in common? No! That's incomprehensible. Would nothing in common be a commonality? What if too many coin-tosses occur concordantly and the planet wobbles off balance, tossed out into space—A trying notion of the planet and its density. Trying to win. To balance. To believe in fairness. Equality. What if no winning was the income or outcome of any coin-toss, nothing fair exists, is possible--whether random or divine destiny, whether manifest chance or God's calculations,  stars tallied as an abacus across infinite space. The logic of numbers and faith intersecting with the insubstantial toss of an empty coin.