So for instance, once upon a time there was a woman, let's say around my age. So this woman, her hair color, similar to mine. I mean to say, she colored her hair a similar shade and her body weight also mimicked mine. Who I will call me, was a bank clerk in Providence, Rhode Island. Her husband was two years older than she. They met in college the University of Rhode Island. He was a fisherman and made pretty good money many would call him a catch. Her boy and girl were seven and five, respectively. Although she adored them—In fact, she was the type of woman who didn't mind walking up to the parent of an infant or toddler and introducing herself—she didn't want another, though her husband sometimes hinted one more would make a perfect family. This woman was perfectly happy with her life just the way it was—in her mind, everything was ideal without one more mouth to feed was she bad to feel this way? What, with after-school activities and play-dates for the kids, she could barely make time for her gym and an evening twice a month with her friends, sometimes for a night at the theater, sometimes for a bite to eat. Her life was tightly constructed. So wasn't she surprised when her best girlfriend suggested that rather than go for drinks in Boston, as they would do, they spend their night "off" "sitting" in a Zen mediation center. "OK," this woman said, though her expectations were low, and really, she thought, drinks would be a lot more fun. At the Zendo, she met a woman in a robe who looked similar to both she and me—same height, weight, hair color, etc.—and the woman showed her how to sit, how to use her body and mind. Nature cannot assert the negative. To breathe, to grow, to be. Tricked, ensnared in a web of one's own making/mind. Mental constructions. Stories. So for instance, this woman, who looked like both me and the Zen teacher, who looked a bit like you, opened her mind and saw the stories that she had created as just that—mental constructions—an erector set like her son had, might even be playing with right now in THIS moment—only she has no son—not really—only she isn't a "good" mother, a "loving" wife. Only these identities, these activities, these mental constructions are theater of the mind, inner entertainers who detain us from seeing. "This" she sees. Non-abiding. And she sees after the sit she will go "home" and pick up where she left off, like a coherent dream with doors to open and temporarily lock shut. Her mind will continually produce deluded constructions —webs of deception—labyrinths of karma. The proliferation of cause and effect created by mind. Though when she sits she non-abides / abides. AH! When she sits she sees! 