A young man on a fire escape transplants foxgloves in a window box. He massages the earth, aerates it, sends it messages. Microbes. Electrons. Ancient air. A pigeon darts overhead. How a mystic Shape did move Behind me, it draws him back by his neck hairs. Death, he thinks, how it re-organizes form, dinosaurs presage birds …systems of communication resemble music, language's progenitor …What is the evolutionary function of dance? It re-organizes form, rain glissades off fleshy fingers. The young man hums a tune he couldn't know. hmmmmmm… Sun presses open cloud. A fresh bud sprouts. The youth jiggles his shoulders and arms, jingles. Rainbow.  Something invisible looms.  In the chiliocosm countless universe of living and non-living space. With unbounded infinity. Imagine, we are living in one visible world and contiguous to our "world" is another and another ad infinitum, chiliocosm each visible to one's own universe and invisible to alien spheres.  Each communicates, interacts, with other-world phenomena—shared sphere space. Room to let. Must one know that one is communicating for there to be communication devoid of volition—for instance, the way one's body unknowingly sways when it's surrounded by weeping willows in wind? Must one know one … IS … to be IN--visible? Must …one know one one know one IS one know one IS to be one know one IS to be INv-IS-ible know one IS know one IS to be know one IS to be INv-IS-ible know one IS to be INv-IS-ible one IS to be one IS to be INv-IS-ible one one IS to be INv-IS-ible one know IS to be INv-IS-ible IS to be INv-IS-ible one IS to be INv-IS-ible one know IS to be INv-IS-ible one know one INv-IS-ible one know INv-IS-ible one know one INv-IS-ible one know one IS INv-IS-ible one know one IS to be The universe of the earth microcosm of Earth on a rainy day. Still, the young man adds roots to the earth. He massages the dirt, feels a part of and apart from it in his urban aerie. Alienation washes over him as he tends his plants, extends his fingers in dirt. What happens when your communication system vastly differs from that of other life-forms? As the young man attempts to commune with that which he perceives extends into a contiguous universe, he imagines himself fading utterly from its phenomena knowledge. Alone I cannot be, he thinks. With communication comes expectation, disappointment. He deems himself so much an element of his universe that he isolates himself from the visible world, as the sky appears invisible without clouds. Nothing's there. As a schoolboy, he imagined he was H-e on the Periodic Table. The makeup of the earth would change when he died, he presumed. Science books would be rewritten. Now he is aware that he can be perceived in countless ways, depending on the changes he makes, or not, depending on those that come and go in his life. He depends, now. On life. Depending on the changes He is. A partner. A part of something larger than himself. Now he is sure. His hands rest in the dirt and he breathes. He's laid to rest. Conflict overwhelms him. He is decompressing helium. It expires. He knows, now, one shouldn't give rise to aspiration while abiding in sound,… odor, taste, touch or concepts; one should give rise to aspiration while not abiding in anything. Elizabeth Barrett Browning has died a few days earlier and Emily, an avid gardener, carefully crouches in her white dress, so as not to soil it, and transplants foxgloves in the morning, before the sun is strong, mourning Mrs. Browning, whose poetry she greatly admires. These are for you she thinks as she gently presses them open to take root. Sprouting love. A pigeon darts overhead: Hope is the thing with feathers. After her foxgloves are safely tucked in beneath the rich, dark blanket, she visits her silly orange lilies.  She will divide them this fall, though is saddened to break up friendships. With great care, she places her fingers in the soil—notes its temperature, its weight, feels for what's there and what isn't. The moisture / the spirits. The universes inside universes. Their universities. The verses inside her. A Civil War has recently commenced. Emily hears a siren. She cups her ear. The sound emanates from her heart. Here. She pictures …a young man planting foxgloves in the rain. She recognizes …his beauty, though he does dress oddly and dances when he's sure no one is looking. She pictures …the young man's family planting his wounded flesh in the earth. Who isn't a casualty? It rains lightly all afternoon. Emily is aware of the percussive precipitation as she writes: Alone, I cannot be For Hosts—do visit me—Recordless Company—Who baffle Key—Refrain: Alone, I cannot be—Refrain: Alone, I cannot be—They have no Robes, nor Names—No Almanacs—nor Climes but general Homes like Gnomes—Alone, I cannot be—Their Coming, may be known By Couriers within—Their going—is not—For they're never gone—Alone, I cannot be—Alone, I cannot be—One can assume, she believes, that phenomena exist which cannot be seen by anyone, anything. A woman in her own time…Is able to become Invisible Or communicate with invisible phenomena as if they could be seen by each person's internalized eyes Can something make a mark with no meaning? Swallowed by Earth and silenced Immortality. 