When shopping at the bodega, she views cans with labels—and though she's aware of her preferences, she stays mindful of the fact that a label should not be imputed as the reality of the thing itself. Sitting before towers of labels, in the dimly lit mini-mart, she is instantaneously transported to a group of tourists and schoolchildren roaming the Duomo in Milano. A chorus of soft swells spring forth so spontaneously from their umbilicus mouths as they wander amazing labyrinths of illumination—their pliant bodies form the church’s interior—exclamations exhaled no/form. O! Spread in waves, skimming off one mass of confessing cells, to a mass of children, to the monks’ harmonious patterns of sound non-abiding. Space in the easterly direction is incalculable, is it not? The instability of her vibrating body and the cash register calculate her debt. On the line she breaks into smaller selves cells sub-divides. Online she searches in cyberspace. Whether born from egg or moisture, she is a sentient being, not abiding in sound, odor, taste, touch or conceptions. Her limited information filtered into consciousness as spatial-temporal morphology or harmonics. This is how she resonates as she reaches into her pocket to search for the change to pay for labels she'll take with her. I’ll take it. lightning, spark, flash—sudden focus. This is how her sound fits into the geometry of bounded systems,  into groceries. This is how she subdues her thoughts. Although the system is wildly unstable and might break apartat this moment,  this moment—she is in the Duomo—she is online—she is on line—she is a praying monk, prostrating himself before the God he adores—she is transmitting sequences presently to the Duomo that are passing through the resonance of tourists she is one, bouncing off a child yes, she is one a vibration and through the monks' vocal cords, a synchronicity of consciousness—the coins clinking, passing through hands, time, space, …karmic debt, labels, cans, yes, group unison—soft—delicate… hearing these passages of moment, of music …yes. AH! 